Reorganize security documentation [DOCS-104] (#1263)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/java.adoc

[[client-security-configuration]]
=== Configuring Client Security

[blue]*Hazelcast {enterprise-product-name}*

As described in xref:security:authentication-overview.adoc[authentication] and xref::client-authorization.adoc[authorization] sections you can define access control mechanisms for clients.

> Java  client which is part of Hazelcast codebase, can be provided with an identity used for authentication to a cluster.

Author: The whole page is about Java client. (The thick/native-one, which is part of the Hazelcast codebase).

The identity of the connecting client is defined on the client side.
Usually, there are no security realms on the clients, but just identity
defined directly in the security configuration.

[tabs] 
==== 
XML:: 
+ 
-- 

[source,xml]
----
<hazelcast-client>
    ...
    <security>
      <username-password username="uid=member1,dc=example,dc=com" password="s3crEt"/>
    </security>
    ...
</hazelcast-client>
----
--

YAML::
+
[source,yaml]
----
hazelcast-client:
  security:
    username-password:
      username: uid=member1,dc=example,dc=com
      password: s3crEt
----
====

On the clients, you can use the same identity types as in security realms:

* `username-password`
* `token`
* `kerberos` (may require an additional security realm definition)
* `credentials-factory`

==== Security Realms on the Client Side

> Hazelcast offers limited support for security realms in native clients.

Author: Does this wound better?
```suggestion
Hazelcast offers limited support for security realms in the Java client.
```

> Hazelcast offers limited support for security realms in native clients.

Reviewer: Yes
